# Performance of Path Planning Algorithms
by Brandon Michaud and An Nguyen

## General
This project demonstrates the performance of various path 
planning algorithms. We test each algorithm using both topological 
and metric maps, both of small and big sizes, each in static and
dynamic environments.

## Input
The experiment takes in 5 parameters: Topological map sizes,
metric map sizes, a maximum weight multiplier, a dynamic
proportion, and the number of tests to run for each setting. 
These parameters can be altered in lines 166-169, 172 of robot.py.
The maximum weight multiplier controls how large the edge weights
can be, where the maximum weight is the parameter times the 
Euclidean distance between the connected nodes. The dynamic
proportion controls what percentage of weights are updated to 
simulate a dynamic environment.

## Output
The experiment returns two dictionaries for the combined planning and
simulation time as well as the path traversal cost. The keys to
this dictionary represent a tuple of the setting. The first 
entry in the tuple is a character. 't' for topological or 'm' for
metric. The second entry is the size of the map, and the third 
entry is the dynamic proportion (0 for static). An example for 
how to parse the results can be found in lines 177-188 of robot.py.

## Running
To run the code, ensure that both graph.py and robot.py are in the
same directory on the same level. Then run robot.py through the 
terminal or in an IDE to get the results of the default experiment.
Custom results can be generated by following the steps outlined in
the input section.